#summary Addition of most major gameplay mechanics.

= Iteration#4 =
We will deal with contents and logic within a game.

- Battlefield gameplay (how to determine winner and looser)

- Allocation and deallocation of different type of soldiers

- Allocation and deallocation of different type of workers

- Resources distribution and reproduction within a period of time

- Timer and how often you get resources (5 minutes)

= Design on soldiers allocation =

Approach#1 Upgrade soldiers in a progressional manner 

All soldiers will initially have a "level#1" status, so called "minute-man". Then you can allocate a certain amount of "level#1" soldiers to "level#2". Let's say we have x amount of "level#2" soldiers after the upgrade. Then to be able to upgrade soldiers to "level#3", we can only upgrade for x amount, which is the amount of "level#2" soldiers. Basically, each soldier must be going through level#1 and so on before reaching the highest level.

Approach#2 Command and Conquer soldiers allocation style

Basically, once certain type of buildings is built, a certain type of soliders is enabled to be trained/drafted. For instance, "barrack" allows a player to train a minute-man. Once, "forge" is built, the player can train a higher level soldier immediately without having soldiers been through "minute-man" status like approach#1.

We decided to use Approach#2.
= Enable soldiers to be able to be upgraded =

To be able to upgrade soldiers, each player must build certain types of buildings. Some higher level buildings will enable each player to train soldiers to higher level. 

= Soldier type ideas =

-Minute-Man: Most basic soldier, supposed to be used as fodder.

-Sharp-Shooter: A high attack soldier with very little defense, relatively expensive to build, supposed to sprinkle in ranks to increase losses of other side.

-Officer: Decreases marching times as well as food consumption of armies, i.e. high skill rating.  Supposed usage is to allow armies to march farther and faster.

-Calvary: Fast unit for fast hits.

-Cannon: High attack with relatively high defense, allows for more than 1-1 kills in the case of breaking defense.

-Scout: low attack and defense, allows to scout the strength of forces in towns.

-Agent: Can collect the resources from enemy towns without having to own, although steals from enemy so they can find out.

-Politician: Can collect the resources from friendly towns without having to own.

= Battlefield algorithm/formula =
Defenders who will die during the battle field
is equal to || (# of attackers) x ( (# of attackers) x attack value ) / (# of defenders x defense value) ||


= Soldier (Unit) design =

Each soldier will have attack and defense values. Each type of soliders will have different attack and defense values.
= Tasks =
|| Task || Time Spent || Description ||
|| Task A || 3 hours || Battlefield formula/algorithm: attacker and defender ||
|| Task B || || Determine different attack and defense values based on type of soldiers ||
|| Task C || 2 hours || Implement count-down timer for every 5 mins ||
|| Task D || 1 hour || Display resources given within the city ||
|| Task E || 1 hour || Give out resources every 5 minute and set maximum capacity if resources exceed their limit ||